Add support for v* versions (#184)
giantswarm/app: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - Support for the `v` prefixed version. This enables Flux to use `v`-prefixed image tags as Apps version to automatically update them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support for App CRs with a `v` prefixed version. This enabled Flux to automatically update the version based on its image tag. 
```
